

Jill Sorg
jill.sorg@randstaddigital.com
Working from home ‚Ä¢‚Äé 5:29 PM EST
Jill Sorg created this chat on Monday, Sep 15
.
Space update:
History is on
Messages sent with history on are saved
Monday, Sep 15
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 15, 7:26‚ÄØAM
,
https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/KR/pages/4244537349/System+Demos+Internal
,Sep 15, 7:26‚ÄØAM,
Monday, Sep 22
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 22, 8:15‚ÄØAM
,
Edited,
Good morning - hey do you have a moment to connect briefly this AM?   I'd like to chat about if/how you've connected with Brandon and make a plan for you to have that opportunity.
,Sep 22, 8:15‚ÄØAM,Edited,
You
,
Sep 22, 8:34‚ÄØAM
,
Hi Jill - I do have some time. I am meeting with Terry later this morning. I have capacity to meet up with Brandon. I can reach out to him and get something scheduled soon.
,Sep 22, 8:34‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 22, 8:34‚ÄØAM
,
Quoted
Sent by
You
Hi Jill - I do have some time. I am meeting with Terry later this morning. I have capacity to meet up with Brandon. I can reach out to him and get something scheduled soon.
End Quote press L to link back to original quote
do you happen to have a minute for a quick chat now?
,Sep 22, 8:34‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Sep 22, 8:37‚ÄØAM
,
I certainly do.
,Sep 22, 8:37‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg (via Meet)
,
Sep 22, 8:37‚ÄØAM
,

Huddle ended
,Sep 22, 8:37‚ÄØAM,
Thursday, Sep 25
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 25, 6:17‚ÄØAM
,
GM-I'm checking back in on if/how you're getting info from Brandon - I was thinking we were targeting a meeting with him this week.   Is that still a plan or have you already connected with him?
,Sep 25, 6:17‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Sep 25, 12:53‚ÄØPM
,
I have reached out a couple of times without response/success. It looks like his calendar is blocked for most of the day for the remainder of the week.
,Sep 25, 12:53‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 25, 12:56‚ÄØPM
,
Hmm -that's not helpful.  Let me check in with PVG to see what he knows about his schedule
,Sep 25, 12:56‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Sep 25, 12:58‚ÄØPM
,
I know he has some very strategic deliverables with the POC for the data M&T project. I was able to meet with him and team regarding the Query Builder tool/initiative - Jacqui and Architects. 

If the timing is better for him to finish/deliver the POC - I can definitely be flexible. üôÇ
,Sep 25, 12:58‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 25, 1:00‚ÄØPM
,
To my knowledge the urgent deliverable happened on 9/23.  Glad you were able to get Query builder intel.  Are there other hot topics that are "blockers" for you at this point?
,Sep 25, 1:00‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Sep 25, 1:01‚ÄØPM
,
We are on the calendar for tomorrow at 1230 PM EST.
,Sep 25, 1:01‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 25, 1:04‚ÄØPM
,
Oh that's good - did he accept/acknowledge?
,Sep 25, 1:04‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Sep 25, 1:06‚ÄØPM
,
He proposed the time/day - I think we are good. 

HOT TOPIC(S): One that has been on deck for the team for quite a while is the API strategy regarding MicroServices. I have met with each of the architects separately on the topic - and also a deeper dive with Elton and Terry yesterday. 

I think you and PVG need an update - we also need some additional support from different team members for PI3.
,Sep 25, 1:06‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 25, 1:21‚ÄØPM
,
ok - so are you thinking that's something we need to do?  I did set up some time for  you/me/Phillip C tomorrow on a couple other topics. I can connect this afternoon on MicroServices if you want
,Sep 25, 1:21‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 25, 2:04‚ÄØPM
,
actually just had an opportunistic chat with PVG and he's setting up time for the 3 of us tomorrow am
,Sep 25, 2:04‚ÄØPM,
Friday, Sep 26
Jill Sorg
,
Sep 26, 7:28‚ÄØAM
,
Raid Log  https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/jira/software/c/projects/K12/boards/158
,Sep 26, 7:28‚ÄØAM,
Tuesday, Oct 7
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 7, 2:22‚ÄØPM
,
one more question i forgot to ask pursuant to the eariler conversation with Caitlyn.   I'm trying to assess whether there are significant other pieces of "data" that are currently entrenched in JIRA that we might benefit by identifying and linking on that same confluence page.   I'd just be looking for places where the requirements include granular details that are likely on a spreadsheet, for example, and I'm honestly not sure whether we have gotten the bulk of it through what Caitlyn/Eric shared or if there are other significant pieces that I could have someone track down.  Can you think of any?
,Oct 7, 2:22‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Oct 7, 2:57‚ÄØPM
,
I think you are right. I did not want to bring up the topic - I felt Jacqui was already triggered and defensive of our current process. I honestly have not seen this level of "gating" from a product perspective. Almost all team members have voiced frustration regarding the level of details and lack of requirements. üôÅ
,Oct 7, 2:57‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 7, 3:01‚ÄØPM
,
Thanks for sharing that perspective.  We do have the one legit challenge in that for confidentiality reasons we are not able to talk to the current system owners - so that is part of it, but are there other particular areas that we need to do some probing to see if there is other information available?
,Oct 7, 3:01‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 7, 3:03‚ÄØPM
,
Somewhat related - how soon would be a reasonable time to regroup from today's meeting with the Phil's to determine next steps on Enrollment?   I or Phillip C can get that on the calendar
,Oct 7, 3:03‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Oct 7, 3:09‚ÄØPM
,
I will spend some time reviewing the Phil C. document and add my comments/observations about the proposal to finish the EB with Data Mapper. However, the solution has side-effects on the remaining work to be delivered. My feeling is that the current proposed estimate (FE only is 1.5 PI worth of work) - is not considered the BE/Data Mapper effort or estimation; and we should do our due diligence to include current and work items not started. 

I would like to see an overall timeline effect and. reset to determine if we are on the right track. With current EB, modified EB, or no EB (static reactive forms via Angular as v1) - we need to see if remaining work fits in the timeline.
,Oct 7, 3:09‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 7, 3:13‚ÄØPM
,
I know JK is pulling up with the Dev POs on Thursday to revisit the product roadmap.   It seems that we're in a bit of a catch 22 because she's looking for decision on go forward path for EB (to determine whether to focus on that now, or pause, work on data mapping now, and then come back to EB at the end).  What inputs do we need to inform that recommendation?
,Oct 7, 3:13‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Oct 7, 3:19‚ÄØPM
,
The product roadmap needs to include some perspective of the technology roadmap (that should support and provide the foundational layers) so that we are building features in the correct order of sequence. For example, the household enrollment process has dependencies on providers and schools. We have teams working on Query Builder when there is not data to report on - should be later in the timeline of deliverables. 

I'm not sure what the current process is to determine what we are working on now/next. Some of the foundational elements of the the system are not complete/ready. I'd like an "inventory" of what is complete, somewhat-complete, not complete.
,Oct 7, 3:19‚ÄØPM,
Wednesday, Oct 8
Message deleted by its author
,
Oct 8, 7:17‚ÄØAM
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 8, 11:47‚ÄØAM
,
Hey Matt - I'm connecting with Wesley and Phillip C in a bit to attempt to visually document the current "architecture" supporting EB.  And I'm also taking a stab at documenting the challenges you raised this morning  - for the sake of working with you then articulate the potential solution(s) to those challenges and then take a stab at mapping out sequencing/timing .....    How does that sound for a plan?  Have time to reconnect late afternoon?    FYI - to add to the fun my teams is currently not working, so if you want to communicate with me please use google.
,Oct 8, 11:47‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Oct 8, 12:05‚ÄØPM
,
I can join in if you send out the link
,Oct 8, 12:05‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 8, 12:09‚ÄØPM
,
we're currently just focusing on current state (vs problem solving).  I just sent you the invite in gmail if you're able to join.
,Oct 8, 12:09‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 8, 2:28‚ÄØPM
,
Thanks for your time and engagement today!   I cleaned up slides 12-15 if you want to take a look and see how close I came to accurately reflecting your thoughts.  Feel free to edit to make them right.  I think a good next step would be to indicate on each Risk -what you think is the best resolution and then that will inform go forward plan to vet with other key stakeholders.
,Oct 8, 2:28‚ÄØPM,
Friday, Oct 10
You
,
Oct 10, 8:00‚ÄØAM
,
K12 Mind Map.png
,Oct 10, 8:00‚ÄØAM,
Monday, Oct 13
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 13, 9:20‚ÄØAM
,
Hi Matt - hope you had a good weekend (and that you keep coming back after these crazy weeks!)   I'm checking in on progress for putting together a recommendation on go forward plan for Enrollment Builder - after getting details from Wes... and Jacqui... and the POs.  Wes pinged today to see if there's any additional input or context you need from him - do you?   I thought I'd find a time either late today or tomorrow AM to synthesize your thoughts - would that be helpful?
,Oct 13, 9:20‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Oct 13, 9:43‚ÄØAM
,
If Wes can send me the API links/details and a data schema for the program configuration and enrollment storage tables - it would be helpful.
,Oct 13, 9:43‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Oct 13, 9:53‚ÄØAM
,
Edited,
I sent you an email. It has a list of features that I believe are not yet started or complete. I think this information gives us a better and more objective view of what we need to have in place before May 2026.
,Oct 13, 9:53‚ÄØAM,Edited,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 13, 12:07‚ÄØPM
,
hi matt - thanks for reviewing the AI deck - that said, i need some assistance in understanding your comments.  Wil you let me know when you have a moment to chat live?  Thx!
,Oct 13, 12:07‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Oct 13, 1:12‚ÄØPM
,
Are you available for a quick chat regarding the AI deck?
,Oct 13, 1:12‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 13, 1:13‚ÄØPM
,
yes - lets do it.  I'll send you a link
,Oct 13, 1:13‚ÄØPM,
Video meeting
Google Meet
Join video meeting
,Oct 13, 1:13‚ÄØPM,
Thursday, Oct 16
You (via Meet)
,
Oct 16, 4:03‚ÄØPM
,

Huddle ended
,Oct 16, 4:03‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Oct 16, 4:16‚ÄØPM
,
Once again...:)
,Oct 16, 4:16‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 16, 4:16‚ÄØPM
,
Video meeting
Google Meet
Join video meeting
,Oct 16, 4:16‚ÄØPM,
Thursday, Oct 23
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 23, 7:39‚ÄØAM
,
can you join the query builder conversation
,Oct 23, 7:39‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Oct 23, 3:02‚ÄØPM
,
in attempting to do some quick self education on "rules engine" on Gemini, I get a much higher up front investment.   I realize you can't believe everything on gemini, but can you tell me how what you're proposing is significantly less than what I see here?
image.png
,Oct 23, 3:02‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Oct 23, 4:11‚ÄØPM
,
Please send me your prompt
,Oct 23, 4:11‚ÄØPM,
Friday, Nov 14
Jill Sorg
,
Nov 14, 1:06‚ÄØPM
,
HI Matt - following up on this question -can you please let me know how this is going?.  I would think this would be a great use of the Tech lead syncs   (see agenda pages here that I've suggested Chad use  https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/KR/pages/4395040774/Cross+Team+Technology+Syncs)
image.png
,Nov 14, 1:06‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Nov 14, 3:13‚ÄØPM
,
Here is a first-draft for #1 Copilot

See: https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/KR/pages/4462247956/GitHub+Copilot+Rollout+Plan
,Nov 14, 3:13‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Nov 17, 5:46‚ÄØAM
,
Thanks for sharing - whats your plan for communication/education for all the devs?  (phased trainings?  in Dev syncs?....)  Let me know if you need any assistance in rolling that out
,Nov 17, 5:46‚ÄØAM,
Monday, Dec 1
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 1, 7:25‚ÄØAM
,
Edited,
Morning Matt - are you joining the PI planning call this am?
,Dec 1, 7:25‚ÄØAM,Edited,
Tuesday, Dec 2
You
,
Dec 2, 10:07‚ÄØAM
,
I think we already have enough Brandon POC projects, right??? We do not need Cursor - nor, would I suggest it for this type of project.
,Dec 2, 10:07‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 2, 10:20‚ÄØAM
,
This was not intended to be a project.  Just a question  ( per PVG). If it adds more complication than value then we don‚Äôt need to take it any further
,Dec 2, 10:20‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Dec 2, 10:33‚ÄØAM
,
See: https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/KR/pages/4510744587/Comparison+Summary+GitHub+Copilot+vs.+Cursor

Looking at the bigger picture and considering our client and security requirements: The obvious choice is Copilot. These were outlined in the proposal discussion. The assurance and security policies provided via the Copilot organization license are key.
,Dec 2, 10:33‚ÄØAM,
Thursday, Dec 11
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 11, 8:10‚ÄØAM
,
Hey Matt -i can't find where you posted the link to the place on confluence with the purple highlighted workflows.  Can you please repoint me to that page?  Thx
,Dec 11, 8:10‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Dec 11, 8:14‚ÄØAM
,
https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/KR/pages/4450254903/School+Management+20+features
,Dec 11, 8:14‚ÄØAM,
Monday, Dec 15
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 15, 6:53‚ÄØAM
,
Edited,
Good morning Matt - PVG is updating financials and is in need of a number to include for Copilot costs.  Can you please see the questions I put in the comment in the raid item here?   Let me know if it merits conversation.  Thx!  https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/browse/K12-4153?search_id=2b19c27b-ce2d-41c5-893b-44d26e581d1d
,Dec 15, 6:53‚ÄØAM,Edited,
You
,
Dec 15, 9:04‚ÄØAM
,
Quoted

Sent by
Jill Sorg
Good morning Matt - PVG is updating financials and is in need of a number to include for Copilot costs.  Can you please see the questions I put in the comment in the raid item here?   Let me know if it merits conversation.  Thx!  https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/browse/K12-4153?search_id=2b19c27b-ce2d-41c5-893b-44d26e581d1d
End Quote press L to link back to original quote
I will review the monthly price for Github Copilot and update the RAID item.
,Dec 15, 9:04‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 15, 9:04‚ÄØAM
,
thank you!
,Dec 15, 9:04‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 15, 12:32‚ÄØPM
,
Thanks for the updated cost summary.  Do you anticipate any of the variable costs being incurred?  And in terms of number of folks needing it - I count 13 devs on the Dev teams.   Who else from the REX team is needing licenses to get to the 24?
,Dec 15, 12:32‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Dec 15, 1:39‚ÄØPM
,
I includd QA and DevOps in the initial counts. Luke mentioned that his team would use Copilot for DevOps scripting, templates, etc. 

see: https://cfiorg.sharepoint.com/:p:/r/sites/K12Project/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7B6CBD32E0-8802-470F-ACC2-8539FC94EBA3%7D&file=K12%20Governance%20Model.pptx&action=edit&mobileredirect=true

13 (developers from Teams Byers Dojo, Cobra Kai, and Miyagi Do
(8) users from PAT (aka Rex Kwando)
Matt Vaughn, Terry F. Rex S., Mario G., Ananda K., Angelo M, Stuart G., Luke S.


I did not include (2) from the Tiger Team (Wes and Brandon) or the QA team.
,Dec 15, 1:39‚ÄØPM,
Quoted

Sent by
Jill Sorg
Thanks for the updated cost summary.  Do you anticipate any of the variable costs being incurred?  And in terms of number of folks needing it - I count 13 devs on the Dev teams.   Who else from the REX team is needing licenses to get to the 24?
End Quote press L to link back to original quote
I do not expect variable costs for the amount of tokens we get for each developer. per month. We are only using the Copilot tool locally for development. We are not using any of the code repository capabilities of Github at this time.
,Dec 15, 1:41‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 15, 1:47‚ÄØPM
,
Ok - got it.   So the 13, plus 8 is 21.  Assuming Wes/BB don't need it, the cost would be $60*21 = $1260.  RIght?
,Dec 15, 1:47‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Dec 15, 2:49‚ÄØPM
,
Correct
,Dec 15, 2:49‚ÄØPM,
Tuesday, Dec 16
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 16, 11:59‚ÄØAM
,
Hey there- FYI, not sure how timely you see outlook messages -so calling out an email i sent out yesterday re: tech/prod roadmap alignment and also an two invites regarding query builder tool....
,Dec 16, 11:59‚ÄØAM,
Wednesday, Dec 17
You
,
Dec 17, 8:26‚ÄØAM
,
Hi Jill - Today's EB meeting was marked as canceled and removed from my calendar yesterday. PVG asked for me to review the findings or details on decisions. Do you have some time today to sync up on this topic?
,Dec 17, 8:26‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 17, 8:51‚ÄØAM
,
Sure - here's the comparison of the tools we looked at.   Now we  (Luke/Brandon/i) are addressing Dawn/Dan's questions regarding where data is stored, caching, controlling permissions to inform whether they can get comfortable with Metabase Starter or Pro version.....https://cfi-nc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/KR/pages/4547018756/Tools+Analysis
,Dec 17, 8:51‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 17, 8:56‚ÄØAM
,
Happy to chat live
,Dec 17, 8:56‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Dec 17, 9:26‚ÄØAM
,
Is now a good time?
,Dec 17, 9:26‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 17, 9:27‚ÄØAM
,
i have an 11:30 est - does 1 work?
,Dec 17, 9:27‚ÄØAM,
or I can skip my noon est
,Dec 17, 9:27‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Dec 17, 9:28‚ÄØAM
,
Let's do Noon EST - I can get Rex started on something meanwhile.

,Dec 17, 9:28‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Dec 17, 10:01‚ÄØAM
,
OK, to join a call at this time?
,Dec 17, 10:01‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 17, 10:02‚ÄØAM
,
just wrapping up a call.   one se
,Dec 17, 10:02‚ÄØAM,
sec
,Dec 17, 10:02‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Dec 17, 10:03‚ÄØAM
,
No rush - standing by. üôÇ
,Dec 17, 10:03‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 17, 10:03‚ÄØAM
,
Video meeting
Google Meet
Join video meeting
,Dec 17, 10:03‚ÄØAM,
o
,Dec 17, 10:03‚ÄØAM,
Thursday, Dec 18
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 18, 10:39‚ÄØAM
,
Edited,
hey - could i please be added to the monday tech lead meeting?  Just to hear the conversation on data mismatch problem
,Dec 18, 10:39‚ÄØAM,Edited,
You
,
Dec 18, 1:10‚ÄØPM
,
Yes, will do!
,Dec 18, 1:10‚ÄØPM,
Monday, Dec 22
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 22, 8:31‚ÄØAM
,
Morning - i send you an email with a handful of questions if you can take a look when you get a moment.
,Dec 22, 8:31‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 22, 8:48‚ÄØAM
,
Also - my current meeting is running over - not sure I'll make the 11:00
,Dec 22, 8:48‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 22, 12:03‚ÄØPM
,
Edited,
are you able to join this call at 2 to address the questions in my email?  I now see that you have declined it..   Will you please reach out when you're available.
,Dec 22, 12:03‚ÄØPM,Edited,
You
,
Dec 22, 12:16‚ÄØPM
,
Am I invited?
,Dec 22, 12:16‚ÄØPM,
You (via Meet)
,
Dec 22, 12:17‚ÄØPM
,

Huddle ended
,Dec 22, 12:17‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 22, 12:17‚ÄØPM
,
Yes  - and it shows you accepted it on Friday...
image.png
,Dec 22, 12:17‚ÄØPM,
image.png
,Dec 22, 12:18‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Dec 22, 2:31‚ÄØPM
,
At this point, do we have time to gain efficiencies from Copilot - given learning curve?
,Dec 22, 2:31‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Dec 22, 4:19‚ÄØPM
,
We do. We can leverage for code generation, testing, specifications for work, and developer code reviews.

,Dec 22, 4:19‚ÄØPM,
Yesterday
Jill Sorg
,
Yesterday 7:08‚ÄØAM
,
Hi matt - hope you had a good holiday.    Two questions for you...  1.   Any update on copilot access before I go push on that again?  2.  This may likely merit a conversation, but with the progress on data seeding and the progress up date you provided related to workflow engine, do you now have a different level of confidence that we can deliver the required MVP by June?   We're planning to pull in Rob/Lauren with any issues/risks we have, so I'm looking to get an updated perspective of risk.  Let me know when you have time to connect on that topic.
,Yesterday 7:08‚ÄØAM,
You
,
Yesterday 8:57‚ÄØAM
,
Hey Jill - I still remembered my password...so we are all good! :). Based on the progress below, my level of confidence is a 3. We still have a lot of work to do from an architecture/infrastructure perspective - we now have a plan/direction and are executing during our current Sprints (much of this should have been place about a year ago). 

For example, #3 below for developer environment setup is not adequate today. The data/database issues should be relieved by the updated seeding strategy #2.

1. No word on Copilot subscriptions/accounts. If Dawn needs an assist, I am available. Not sure what the next steps are for CFI. 

2. Data Seeding: Harshal's team is moving forward with updating our seed data with more volume. They are working with DevOps (Luke) to create Entra accounts for an additional (20) household accounts; to also include email addresses. 

3. Workflow: we have an architecture defined for the backend. Our team is in the process of getting the updates into our code base; additionally, this work includes some updates to our local/developer setup to allow teams to develop locally with Docker containers.
,Yesterday 8:57‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Yesterday 9:49‚ÄØAM
,
Hi = Thx:  I'm following up on copilot to see what we need to do to get you moving in that.   In chatting with PVG, he's looking for what we are confident we can deliver by Jun 1.  Are there particular pieces of functionality that have the most risk?  What could we do (cut scope - even if painful-, bring in resources..... ) that would increase your confidence ?
,Yesterday 9:49‚ÄØAM,
Jill Sorg
,
Yesterday 12:08‚ÄØPM
,
Actually  -Jacqui/Lauren have a POTENTIAL idea for scope savings I'd like to run by you.   Will you let me know if you have a moment?
,Yesterday 12:08‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Yesterday 12:11‚ÄØPM
,
I have a moment now between meetings. üôÇ
,Yesterday 12:11‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Yesterday 12:12‚ÄØPM
,
Video meeting
Google Meet
Join video meeting
,Yesterday 12:12‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Yesterday 1:38‚ÄØPM
,
I just finished my Awarding Simulator Meeting. Ready to chat again.
,Yesterday 1:38‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Yesterday 1:39‚ÄØPM
,
ok - lets jump on that link from earlier
,Yesterday 1:39‚ÄØPM,
You
,
Yesterday 2:10‚ÄØPM
,
Is opening up the amount of work hours an option to help accelerate the progress?

BTW: The new event-driven architecture setup is very "AI Code Generation" friendly, when we get our Copilot integration.
,Yesterday 2:10‚ÄØPM,
Jill Sorg
,
Yesterday 2:11‚ÄØPM
,
I love that idea of work hours - on my list to ask.
Message read by Jill Sorg

,Yesterday 2:11‚ÄØPM,
Jump to bottom



Message Jill Sorg

